chore: adds instructions for setting up custom hostnames (#9667)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/cli/custom-hostnames.mdx

---
id: custom-hostnames
title: Custom Hostnames

> description: Configuring a Custom Hostname for your Supabase project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Configure a Custom Hostname for your Supabase project.
```

---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

:::note

Custom Hostnames are currently in beta, and are being slowly made available to projects.

:::

:::note

The commands in this guide require Supabase CLI 1.10.1+

> :::

Reviewer: - style nit: avoid stacking callouts
- might be better to group this info with "Install the Supabase CLI" in the prereqs

## Overview

> Custom hostnames allow you to present a branded experience to your users.

Reviewer: Would be useful to have some more context here (e.g., examples of how this shows up for end-users).

Before you start, here are some prerequisites:

- [Install the Supabase CLI](/docs/guides/cli)

> - Ensure that you've configured the CLI for your account

Reviewer: What needs to be configured?

> - Create a Supabase project

Reviewer: Does this only work with new projects?

> - Ensure that you've subscribed to the Custom Hostnames add-on

Reviewer: Where/how do they do this?

> ## Configuring a Custom Hostname

Reviewer: Suggest getting rid of this heading and adding h2 headings for each of the steps so that it appears in the table of contents on the right to allow users to skim through the steps easily. Something like:
1. Set up a CNAME record
2. Create the custom hostname
3. Set up TXT records
4. Serve traffic on new hostname

Setting up a custom hostname (`api.example.com`) for your Supabase project (ref `foobarbaz`, with assigned endpoints at `foobarbaz.supabase.co`) involves a few steps.

1) Set up a CNAME record for `api.example.com`, resolving to `foobarbaz.supabase.co.`, with as low a TTL as possible.

2) Use the `create` subcommand of the CLI to initiate the process:

```bash
supabase custom-hostname create --project-ref foobarbaz --custom-hostname api.example.com
```

> 3) The output of the `create` command will include two TXT records you will need to set up, in order to verify your control over the hostname in question, and for us to issue SSL certificates for it. As an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) The output of the `create` command includes two TXT records you will need to set up in order to verify your control over the hostname in question, and for Supabase to issue SSL certificates for it. For example:
```

```
[...]
Required outstanding validation records:
        _cf-custom-hostname.api.example.com TXT -> 46BBC14D-D50A-409C-8DB5-F862CF5BA660
        api.example.com TXT -> ca3-F1HvR9i938OgVwpCFwi1jTsbhe1hvT0Ic3efPY3Q
```

> Set up both records as instructed, and then use the `reverify` command to ask the Supabase platform to verify the records:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up both records as instructed, and then use the `reverify` command for the Supabase Platform to verify the records:
```

```bash
supabase custom-hostname reverify --project-ref foobarbaz
```

You might need to wait a few minutes before your updated DNS records get propagated, especially if the older records were using a high TTL. Upon successful verification, you will be able to proceed to the final activation step:

```
Custom hostname configuration complete, and ready for activation.
```

> 4) The final activation step will reconfigure your project to start serving traffic on your custom hostname (`api.example.com`). The auth service, in particular, will no longer work with the original url (`foobarbaz.supabase.co`). As such, it is recommended that you schedule a downtime window of 20-30 minutes, depending on the complexity of your project, to update all the services that need to know about your custom hostname:
> 
> - any client code (e.g. frontends, mobile apps)
> - any oauth providers (e.g. google, github)
> 
> Additionally, update the DNS configuration for `api.example.com` to once more use a CNAME record that resolves to `foobarbaz.supabase.co`. Finally, you can use the `activate` subcommand to reconfigure your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) The final activation step reconfigures your project to start serving traffic on your custom hostname (`api.example.com`). The auth service, in particular, will no longer work with the original URL (`foobarbaz.supabase.co`). As such, it is recommended that you schedule a downtime window of 20-30 minutes, depending on the complexity of your project, to update all the services that need to know about your custom hostname:

- any client code (e.g., frontends, mobile apps)
- any OAuth providers (e.g., Google, GitHub)

Additionally, update the DNS configuration for `api.example.com` to once more use a CNAME record that resolves to `foobarbaz.supabase.co`. Finally, use the `activate` subcommand to reconfigure your project:
```
